Updates to show exception handling and more protocol method examples (#42723)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/protocol-convenience-methods.md

---

## Handle exceptions

> When a service call fails, service clients throw an exception that exposes the HTTP status code and the details of the service response, if available.
> 
> - `System.ClientModel`-dependent libraries throw a <xref:System.ClientModel.ClientResultException>.
> - `Azure.Core`-dependent libraries throw a <xref:Azure.RequestFailedException>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a service call fails, the service client throws an exception that exposes the HTTP status code and the details of the service response, if available. A `System.ClientModel`-dependent library throws a <xref:System.ClientModel.ClientResultException>, while an `Azure.Core`-dependent library throws a <xref:Azure.RequestFailedException>.
```

# [System.ClientModel exceptions](#tab/system-clientmodel)

:::code source="snippets/protocol-convenience-methods/AzureCore/ExceptionHandling/Program.cs" highlight="10-24":::

# [Azure.Core exceptions](#tab/azure-core)

> :::code source="snippets/protocol-convenience-methods/SCM/ExceptionHandling/Program.cs" highlight="9-20":::

Reviewer: Thinking about this some more, it's probably best to only highlight the catch blocks in these 2 code samples. That is, after all, what we want the customer to focus on.
